[Docs] FAQ Update + Support for WSL (#1140)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/BuildWithDocker.md

## Verify Installation

> The binaries are only available from inside the Docker container. Here is an example of starting one use of `centos7` image. 
> 
> ``` shell
> export OS_NAME=centos7
> docker run --rm -it -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) -v $(pwd)/flow:/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/flow openroad/flow-$OS_NAME-builder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The binaries are only available from inside a Docker container. Here is an example of starting a container from the created Docker image. 

``` shell
docker run --rm -it -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) -v $(pwd)/flow:/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/flow openroad/flow-centos7-builder
```

## Verify Installation

The binaries are only available from inside a Docker container. Here is an example of starting a container from the created Docker image. 

``` shell

> docker run --rm -it -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) -v $(pwd)/flow:/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/flow openroad/flow-centos7-builder

Reviewer: Is the end of the code-block missing here?

start one use:

``` shell

> docker run --rm -it -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) -v $(pwd)/flow:/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/flow openroad/flow-centos7-builder

Reviewer 2: There are different `OS_NAME` docker images available like ubuntu20.04/ubuntu22.04. 
Maybe add a note says 
```
For default docker based installation use
export OS_NAME=centos7
docker run --rm -it -u $(id -u ${USER}):$(id -g ${USER}) -v $(pwd)/flow:/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/flow openroad/flow-$OS_NAME-builder
```
